terms or like proposers. So nice to meet you. My name is Angie and I'm part of the talent
acquisition team at Solvo Global. So I would love first of all to introduce the company
to you specifically Solvo Global provides outsourcing services for companies in the
U.S. and Canada and our main service is try to find the best candidates or the best talent around the
world. We have different sites around Latin America like here, Colombia and we have Brazil,
we have Argentina, Peru, Guatemala and Kenya. So Emmett, I would love to know you a little bit
better. So can you tell me like your full name? And what else specifically? I would love to know
your age. Like what was your last studying level? So tell me a little bit about it.
When you say studying level, like do you mean university?
Yeah, like the college if you have or if you if you don't have it's okay. So your last level.
Oh yeah, of course. Okay, so my full name is Emmett Allison Iris. I'm 27 years old. I'm from the U.S.
I'm now living in Argentina to study. I'm studying law here at the University Siglo 21. Before that,
I was a student at Arizona State and Western Governors University. I was studying software
engineering at Arizona State. I didn't finish that, but I finished most of the degree. Then I studied
supply chain for a little bit. And due to market conditions, I had to change course on that one.
All right, that's wonderful. All right, can you just give me one second?
I'm so sorry.
Yeah, I'm ready.
All right.
Thank you.
All right. I'm so sorry. But you speak Spanish, yeah? I'm pretty sure, yeah?
Yes. Although I don't get as much time to really speak, but once I speak to more people, it's way easier. But studying law here, yeah, I do have to speak pretty good Spanish.
Yeah, I know. I don't know why, but my mind was another, I don't know. I don't know where it was in my mind.
Okay. So you told me you're currently living in Argentina. You were starting engineering. Then you were starting supply chain. And right now, are you currently studying something?
Yeah, so I'm studying law. Derecho.
Derecho. All right. And like, what is your, like the level that you're right now? Like which semester?
So this would be the first semester. I've only been in Argentina since March of this year.
Derecho. Okay.
Do you have the work permit over there?
Derecho. No, but the way that the job ad was written, it said it was like for contract. So I did want to ask you about that and like what your staffing arrangements look like.
All right. All right. I need to, like, I will, I'm going to need to ask about it. But yes, this will be like a contractor and like contractor contract. So yeah, so I'll ask about it.
But so you can't, you went or you came, yeah, you were, you went to Argentina specifically, like from three, four months ago, two months ago.
That would be about six months ago in March.
Six months.
But to my understanding, like I do have clients that I work for, like contracted here. I just have to, I do have like a tax ID and stuff like that, but I have to get something else set up.
If you guys need me to formally issue an invoice through Argentina. So it just depends on like what your regulatory process is.
Yeah. Like I'm, like, I'm, like, I'm going to need to ask about it, but yeah, what I know is like, you will be like under a contract and, or like a, something that they called specifically.
And the monotributo. So, yeah, so they paid like all the taxes and like the health insurance and everything.
And because, you know, like the, the contract and like, like request this.
So the seller will be paying dollars and like between like, um, like a virtual wallet that is called Painter.
And so, like, we'll be like, we'll give you all the accessory about all the monotribute or monotributo.
I don't know how to say it in English.
Exactly.
Exactly what you said the second time.
Yeah. All right. Perfect. The monotribute and, uh, and to open, and also to open your, your account at Painter.
That is the, like the, like the virtual wallet.
Um, so it depends on which health insurance you will use specifically.
And like, you will have like a discount, like after three months with us, you working with us three months.
And Solvo will be offering you like a discount in a, in the, this benefit specifically in the, uh, social work,
like a sand court salute.
So I don't know if you have been, like, if you've had heard about it.
Um, okay.
So you are currently studying law specifically.
So how do you handle that schedules?
So for studying, like I live a pretty busy life now.
So like, I'm kind of in between, um, contracts, but I was looking at something a bit more back office
because I had tried teaching, um, for a while.
And I mean, I don't mind it, but I definitely shine best.
Like, you know, when I'm back office and I'm more like with the team, um, instead of being
like client facing a hundred percent of the time.
But how I handle that is through study, um, blocking, like blocking off time.
So I do 30 minute intervals, usually at around the same time of the day, during the end of
the day.
Um, but this is like something that I've always done.
So it's not particularly new, but generally, uh, my work day working with existing contracts
is around nine to 10 hours a day.
Um, and also working across like four to six different time zones.
And I still managed to hit three hours a day of studying.
So.
All right.
So you don't have, like what I understand, you don't have to follow like a schedule or
nothing like that, you, you can like studying and everything in your free time, like mostly
at night that you told me like at the end of the day.
Yeah.
The only thing I would need to do is this is like way later in the program is just like
instances where you do have to go in person, but that's like one exam, one time, one off
event.
It's not the right thing.
Okay.
That's wonderful.
So what I understand your classes are virtual too.
Like.
Right.
It's like a, everything is 100% virtual.
Yeah.
Okay.
Wonderful.
Um, so I would love to ask you a part of this, uh, current studying that you're like,
no, the studying that you're currently making.
I would love to ask you, do you have any plans to start another one or like, um, probably,
well, it kind of depends because like, there's a lot of changes happening and I'm really invested
in growth.
So if there was an opportunity to obtain another certification, more education, or I find something
I like, like I'm always open to doing that.
Um, something I learned from doing an engineering program is what makes you really good at your
job is, you know, when you're willing to branch out and learn new things.
Um, yeah, that's true.
Perfect.
Do you have any, I don't know, any travel plans like in a short term or something related
to it that you will need to ask for a permission in the next few months?
Um, no, generally if I did have travel plans, that's usually like a nine to 12 month out like
type thing, you know, like very far in advance.
Okay, perfect.
Thank you so much.
So I would love to know you a little bit better.
So what do you like to do during your free time?
And yeah, what are your hobbies?
Um, I would say linguistics is one of my hobbies.
I love studying languages.
I like studying history, also copywriting.
And sometimes I like to study marketing specifically about different sales tactics, how to influence
people, even color schemes and things like that.
All right, that's wonderful.
Are you currently working?
Um, just like contracts, like with teaching, it kind of just depends on like, you know, does
the Institute get the class, that type of thing.
So it's not very stable.
All right, perfect.
Apart of this, um, like extra money income, are like, do you like currently, I don't know,
are you currently receiving another kind of, of extra money income?
Um, usually it's through teaching, like, through various like platforms and things like that.
Like most of teaching is kind of like, it's almost like the gig economy.
Um, but the thing is, is like the gig economy has its ups and downs, but you never know if
it's going to recover.
And then since I'm paid usually in whatever the local currency is like Chilean pesos, Argentine
pesos, um, that also adds like some risk because there's no buffer.
Yeah.
Okay.
I get that.
Perfect.
I would love to ask you with, who do you live with?
Um, I live by myself.
Do you have any pets?
No pets, no kids.
All right, perfect.
Um, do you have maybe a family member or someone that you know that depends on you 100% like
financially talking?
Um, not anymore.
So like, this is my first, uh, year, you know, kind of free.
Um, my brother is, he's a grown up now, so.
All right, that's nice.
We love a grown up, grown up brother.
Yes.
Okay, perfect.
Um, so I know that you, you're not new, but you kind of just moved to Argentine.
I know specifically, I'm pretty sure that it's in Buenos Aires.
Yeah.
Yes, I'm right in downtown.
Okay, perfect.
So I'm going to, I'm going to send you through this chat.
And the site's address, and I would love to know how long it will take you to get there.
Like, from your house.
All right, so I'm going to pull up my Google Maps.
Perfect.
I just sent it to you.
It's in Avenida Córdoba, 1351 m.
Oh, that is literally, that's literally right here.
Ah, that's wonderful.
Yeah, so, it says that it's a Core Works co-working place?
Yeah.
Okay.
So, it's only a 12-minute walk, like, literally down the street.
All right, that's wonderful.
All right, wait me once again.
I'm so sorry.
Okay, perfect.
So, 12-minute walk, so that's really nice.
I would love to be, like, working that close from here.
Okay, perfect, so 12-minute walk.
Okay, so, right now, what is your salary expectation?
I'm comfortable with what was posted in the listing, like, with the 900.
However, you know, I am, like, pretty flexible, but my flexibility depends on exactly what you're asking and, like, more of the specifics.
Yeah, of course.
I know that you're asking for, like, back office, and that's what I have for you, so don't worry.
So, yeah, so, we'll be, like, the $900, and how do you feel working 100% on-site, now that we know that it's really close from your house?
Oh, I have no reservations about that, because I'm not spending money to commute.
I don't need to, like, pack a whole backpack.
Yeah, that's true.
I mean, transportation and everything, so that's really nice.
Perfect.
So, I will explain you in a little bit about the vacancy, but I really would love to know about your experience.
So, I would love that you guide this experience specifically in the data, like, data entry a little bit, and a little bit about all the, like, administrative processes, like, related to the sales team.
So, like, what is your background, like, in this field or in this area specifically?
So, specifically from an insurance lens, I used to own my own agency focusing on small business owners.
I mainly preferred commercial lines, but I also did life and health, too.
And at that time, you know, this is in, like, 2018, 2019, so we don't have AI or the fancy app, so a lot of it was manual data entry, manual underwriting, and things like that.
But also having to manage my entire sales pipeline, lead generation, and dealing with the client.
So, it was a lot.
It was very dynamic, and I worked completely independently.
I had my own contracts and things like that.
So, I've pretty much seen all of the administrative angles of, like, a business in that sense.
And from the data entry sense, like, mainly with accuracy, I do have a very keen eye for detail, spreadsheets, and also just, like, really good process management.
And I still track time on almost everything, not to necessarily rush, but to have an idea.
So, if somebody says, hey, how long does it take to do this?
I can give them a realistic answer.
Or, like, if we're not hitting our KPIs as a team, you know, why is that happening?
Like, I do believe in not just making assumptions.
Like, we need data to make good decisions.
Okay, wonderful.
And for how long you were working, like, in your own business?
Like, for how long?
So, I did that for about five years.
I do have a mixture of corporate experience, like, through the banking industry formally and also in logistics.
But I've also done a lot, like, working for myself or a similar style of contracting.
In the U.S., like, we call it 1099, but it's basically the same thing here.
Okay, perfect.
In the corporate industry and the banking industry, like, what you were working with, like, related to the all the administrative field, like, what did you work or what were your responsibilities?
So, I worked in accounts receivable.
I also did payment posting, and then after that, I worked for an asset manager, and I was doing 401k and Roth transactions.
So, there's a lot of accuracy required for those, especially, like, with the retirement accounts, because you can't mix funds.
And the U.S. government has, like, really strict rules about that and how you input the information, but also data privacy and things like that.
All right.
Have you been working with CRM, like, softwares or things like that?
Maybe Salesforce, client space?
Yeah, Salesforce and HubSpot.
Those were some of my favorite, too.
I've also used, like, Zoho, Zendesk.
Although, I didn't really have control over the software because, you know, me being a small business owner, I had to choose what was affordable.
Okay, yeah.
Okay, perfect.
So, like, making, like, a little summary of all your experience, how many years they could be, like, maybe seven years?
Yeah, about seven.
All right.
Wonderful.
So, I would love to ask you, how do you feel working with all the administrative, like, responsibilities?
I don't mind it.
And so far, based on how you've structured the interview, it does appear that you guys are very cleared.
It appears that, like, there's some structure, you know, so nobody is, like, going in completely blind.
I have no problem improvising as long as your primary objectives are clear.
All right.
Perfect.
So, I'm going to tell you a little bit about the position that I can offer you right now.
Specifically, this will be a position, like, as a sales coordinator.
This role provides the necessary administrative support to the field sales team and becomes the point of reference of all administrative matters.
So, attention to the detail is absolutely required.
And the goal is to facilitate the team's sales activities to maximize their performance and minimize their, like, administrative burden as to allow them to focus on their own core responsibilities.
So, the essential duties and responsibilities will be assisting a sales leader in training a new, like, new business consultant on sales process and system necessary to complete the process.
I currently audit sales documentation, like, communicate, like, communicate to sales team members of its, like, completeness or submit, submitted to the correct department.
Proceed all cases, tickets, orders, and with currency and timelines, and, like, informed business consultant of, like, unfozen, like, unfozen delays or problems for other departments on their request for proposal.
So, ensure adherence to guidelines and proceeds and policies and, like, processes and, like, processes and everything.
Monitor the team's process, identify short comments and propose, sorry, improvement in sales leader, like, to the sales leader.
And that's kind of, like, like, like, a summary of all the, like, the responsibilities that you will have.
And I'm going to send you right now the job description so you can have it and also read it.
All right.
Yeah, so this is it.
That's the full job description so you can read it too.
I'm going to send you the English one.
I don't know.
What do you prefer, like, in the English or in Spanish?
So, I'm going to be really honest with you.
In English, whenever I read stuff, I get a little scared.
Because if you've ever worked for American companies, they say one thing.
And it's not that they're entirely wrong, but English is not as specific as Spanish.
All right.
So, it's like I have to hold my breath a little bit.
I get that.
I, like, I have been working there too.
So, um, so the vacancy that I can, that I have, like, it is in English.
And technically, we just did, like, a little of, like, a summary of it in Spanish.
So, I'm going to send you the English one because that's the, like, the, like, the most specific one.
But, um, the rest of the information I will, like, I will send it to you in Spanish.
So, um, as I told you, or I already told you, like, about this, but I just wanted to remind you specifically that we will work with, uh, like, a monotributo, monotribute, like, or contractor contract.
So, um, I'm, I'm going to need to ask if specifically if they are asking for their work permit over, like, in, in Argentina.
Like, but I will, I, I'm, I'm going to tell you what it is.
So, ask them if they need, the number is called quit, um, which allows the.
Because I know, like, with, when paying in dollars, it's kind of, like, it's a bit different.
So, like, I do have Payoneer, like, of course, like, I obviously have, like, my regular, um, U.S. banks and, like, things like that.
So, I have pretty much everything, um, but that would be the main, the main thing because people can be employed under that because monotributo, it's, like, freelancer.
So, and since it's not, like, a regular job, you wouldn't get, like, a work permit for it.
But some do have a requirement depending on how they report taxes, which is what that, uh, quit, like, that number is.
It's, like, a tax ID for business.
Okay.
Perfect.
So, send it to me, I'm going to ask to my supervisor if he has the knowledge, asking if they, okay, which allows the contractor to issue about, says, okay, perfect.
So, um, I would just, I would love to tell you a little bit about, like, how we work here, specifically.
Solvo has both technical and logistical leadership.
So, this means that for this position, you will receive feedback from a leader based in the United States.
However, you will also have a local leader who will support you with internal logistical matters, such as permissions, schedules, and other Solvo-related processes.
And, uh, Solvo offers benefits, such as Solvo University, where you and your family and members can take free courses in English, Power BI, and much more.
So, you can, like, continue studying and adding more experience or knowledge to your, to your, um, resume.
So, and additionally, you will have this discount in the health insurance, specifically in the, um, I don't know.
I think that, like, I don't know what is the specific translation, but what, how they called it in Argentine is Obras Sociales and Court Salud.
Um, so, as I told you, specifically, this position will work with a schedule, like, from Monday to Friday, from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Um, and, um, like, the salary will be, what, $900.
So, um, I don't know, are you okay with, like, the, like, the vacancy?
Are you okay to continue with the process?
Yeah, and everything sounds good.
Also, did you have, like, an ideal, like, working hours, like, schedule that you were looking for?
Or was it something that was a bit more dynamic?
Hmm, I don't know.
What do you mean?
Um, like, is it, like, strictly, like, we want you here from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.?
Yeah.
Or is it just depending on, like, you know, the needs of that week, but it's still an eight-hour workday?
It will be an eight-hour day.
Like, as I told you, it will be from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.
You will have your, your, your lunch hour and everything, and your breaks, one break in the morning, one break in the afternoon.
So, so, yeah, it's going to be in that way.
So, the schedule specifically will be Monday to Friday from 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Okay, cool.
Okay, perfect.
So, um, like, for continue, like, to continue with the, with the process specifically, or the process will be take maybe one week, one week and a half.
We are kind of rushing with this position.
So, the idea is that the start date will be between, um, September 29th to October 1st.
So, the idea is that you, like, like, three, you're going to cross for three filters, okay?
So, first of all, it's me.
After you send me two things that I'm going to ask you to send me, um, you will go, or you will go straight to another interview straight with the, like, directly with the supervisors.
This one is the one who's going to tell me, like, okay, we can proceed with the hire, or we can, like, just desist from the process.
Or we can specifically, or I need, like, a second opinion.
So, you will have, like, um, an interview direct with the client, okay?
So, what I'm going to need you to send me specifically, your resume, clearly in English.
And I would love you add, I would love you to add the, like, the, the things that are specific from this vacancy, for this vacancy.
So, things like the CRM, um, um, softwares that you have been working with, that, that's a really, really, like, huge plus.
And all the sales and all the administrative responsibilities that you have been working with, it, it is, like, a really good plus.
So, the idea is that your resume and the video that I'm going to ask you to make, like, this one has to match with the vacancy that you're applying for.
Um, so, as I told you, I'm going to need you to send me a video.
This, this will be, like, a really short video.
The idea is that it's no more than a minute and a half.
And the idea is that you introduce yourself, telling your name, your age, and your experiences specifically in the field, okay?
Okay.
Perfect.
So, we have, like, really good English.
I don't think that you, you have any problem about it.
So, that's the idea.
That's the idea specifically.
Um, like, a good, like, a good background, like, um, like, a neutral one.
If you, if you can, you can record in this way with your computer or with your phone if you want to.
And the idea is that I can see it specifically.
And, like, the idea is that the supervisor or the client can see specifically that you match with the vacancy.
So, guide, um, guide your resume and your video to the, to the vacancy that I just shared with you, okay?
Gotcha.
And for the resume, um, so I'm just going to put, like, the main positions and keep it, like, nice and concise.
You want me to keep it on about, like, one page?
Sound good?
Yeah, it's all good.
Like, as soon as I can see clearly, like, the, the specific things that we are asking for in the vacancy, that's perfect for me.
Okay?
So, like, the, the sales, all the administrative and the data, the data, um, and, like, management that you have been working with and everything.
All right.
No problem.
Perfect.
Emmett, uh, sooner, sooner you send me this information, sooner I can send your profile.
So, remember, we're, like, kind of rushing with this, with this vacancy.
So, um, I'll be very attentive, and, like, send the, send it to me through the WhatsApp.
So, like, the video and the resume.
So, I'll be very attentive to it.
I don't know if you have any questions about the vacancy, about what I just told you.
Um, how soon do you think you could get an answer from your supervisor about that?
Yeah, I'm going to ask him right now.
I'm going to ask him right now, and as soon, like, as soon as I get out, and that's where I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to, I'm going to tell you.
So, because, yes, like, you have all the reason.
You're not going to, like, waste your time.
Also, I don't want to waste your time either.
So, I'm going to ask him right now.
And, uh, as soon as I, as soon as I get, like, an answer, I will tell you, okay?
All right.
Well, thank you so much for the interview.
And, of course, even if it doesn't work out, it was truly a pleasure.
And if we ever get a chance to work together again in the future, more than happy to.
Of course.
It was so nice to meet you, Emmett.
And I'm glad to, like, to be able to talk with you.
So, to be honest, I, like, I, like, I had, like, a huge amount of interviews.
So, like, I wasn't expecting that you were, like, that you are in Argentina.
So, yeah, that was the big surprise for today.
So, thank you so much for that surprise.
And I wish you so much luck in this process.
And, I don't know, I'll be very attentive, okay?
So, I'm going to ask in and send you the information, okay?
All right.
Thank you so much.
Have a great weekend, a great weekend.
You too.
Have a nice week.
Have a great weekend.